hello tear tear I'm taking my time right
now basically did she touch it my damn
tooth I know right like I can't see it
this tooth all right here kind of corner
yeah that ball I don't know I think I
was eating like ain't even noticed that
the actual to patch it until just like
10 minutes ago cuz it was like it felt
like some was on my teeth my tooth when
I woke up and I thought it was like I
ate some popcorn before I went to sleep
so I'm like shit popcorn stuck my - I
got shit won't come back so I'm just
like okay whatever I got it I brushed my
teeth I got dressed everything and I'm
just like damn my teeth all right yeah
you know how you try to be some macho
- I was doing that and it was not
working so I was like mom I thought you
told - oh hello so basically it's time
for me to retire this shit I'm gonna
tell you that my mouth because I can I
can walk around here I cannot be walking
around with fucked up teeth no no not
gonna happen
sorry like I liked it I liked the way
like okay it's like we can pardon me man
like my nose ring and I had like maybe
almost a year now it's a part of me it's
like I don't want to take it out like
when sometimes when I go to sleep or
whatever and I um sleep while or like if
I play with it before I go to sleep I
always end up waking up and should be
going around I think be in my head like
why I'm sleep like pull it out or
something or began caught - my
pillowcase and I wake up and like I'll
go wash my face
oh shit oh shit I repent again stuff cuz
I'm not okay
I don't wearing the clothes cuz I would
keep with it like I'm going to go away
that's how I got about this because the
first time when I first got it like the
man fucked me up and it was crickey and
I liked it so I went somewhere else and
got them again I'm play eighty dollars
into this damn tongue ring and then now
for it to be what September 3 damn less
commute Hattie's and I made how much I
said $80 because the first time I paid
50 but a man would be the real long
woman I couldn't even told Dean I went
somewhere else I paid 30 so now that's a
$2.00 I could hand me some hair some
weave some something that I can still
have right now tangibles and shit that's
gonna last me you know I'm saying I
don't know but I'm like super super
pissed like I'm really debating taking I
like I'm I know that I'm going to good
decide no choice like you don't fuck
with my teeth like mmm could I hate
people with bugs up teeth like not hate
them but like it's not cute if you have
to flick Manistee alt cookie and chill
and all jagged and I mean some people
came up that ain't my kid you born with
some flexibility that's just so fucked
up teeth I was born and I'm big so fuck
it I'm be you better get you some day
open ears and I better give them dream
degree but I'm just saying like I can't
go nowhere with some good teeth and if
it ended this little shit while I was
sleep yesterday or whenever fucking
happened I'm pretty sure it can make the
sheet shit worse and have like a super
super chip like horrible so I'm just
going to get out because I mean mmm
I like it a lot but I don't know maybe
if I had like some plastic balls or
something
but like it's it was hard for me to find
this one to the game wait this bar or
whatever so I'm pretty sure it'd be
super hard to find some plastic ones or
something like I don't know I think
whatever it is is she gonna end up to be
my teeth so that is a deal-breaker not
gonna happen so it was fun while it
lasted but it's time to take it out man
you're just gonna look when I talk and I
don't see the two balls it's just gonna
be like what happy okay I guess it I
really don't want to get out but turn my
hands don't put them a teeth man it's
like some your mama stuff like you talk
about my mama
okay I talked to my neighbor